with the rest of us I was in a battle
with a sword we are this is aku seven
warriors the Suzaku seven so my son is
one of the Suzaku seven and we need to
borrow him for a while in order to
rescue Conan from its destruction I see
I had my suspicions huh I actually saw
the Beast God Suzaku with my own eyes
you thought Suzaku it was two days after
the death of our beloved former Emperor
we were traveling through this land
passing the hillsides gravestones when
he appeared Suzaku seemed to be visiting
the grave spreading his wings
protectively over the stone we settled
in the area and have been caring for the
graves of the dead villagers ever since
and then there's my son a on the family
name on the stone is the same as ours
even though we aren't related to the
people buried there but he still visits
the graves every day
that grave must have something to do
with Lord Hotel Hardy those black clouds
again Suzaku no it's not it's not real
Suzaku
what
I have no I have grown white enough
after so that's it it's all been a trick
suzaku it can't be
tuck and the others haven't summoned him
that's why he can't be the real one
it's a massive evil groom from the
negative energy that's within Leo's
heart it may be my fault in fact I'm
pretty sure that I'm the one to blame
for this
Yui what are you talking about
I made it just in time you know I use
the transformation telling you know so
he isn't it ghost it was one of GG DS
tricks all along come on buddy don't
scare me like that we have to hurry
who are you calling a hey great so
that's everyone right but why have you
suddenly appear I've come because the
Sheen's are always in danger you must
all return to the capital at once all
right guys let's go
there was no way I can
go back now no how can my phone be
ringing here
you may need a
the word seeks its own demise and Konan
moves toward destruction the last hope
for avoiding this cruel destiny rests in
the hands of the priestess of Suzaku and
Suzaku seventy the final chapter the
advent of Suzaku a legend which passes
on love and inspiration
you